feature: add `divide` subcommand (#100)
bschaatsbergen/cidr: README.md

```
$ cidr overlaps 2001:db8:1111:2222:1::/80 2001:db8:1111:2222:1:1::/96

> 

Reviewer: Looks like this line accidentally got removed
```suggestion
true
```

```

### CIDR division

> To divide a cidr range into distinct N distinct networks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To divide a CIDR range into N distinct networks:
```

## IPV4
```
$ cidr divide 10.0.0.0/16 9
  [Networks]
10.0.0.0/20
10.0.16.0/20
10.0.32.0/20
10.0.48.0/20
10.0.64.0/20
10.0.80.0/20
10.0.96.0/20
10.0.112.0/20
10.0.128.0/20
```

## IPV6
```
$ cidr divide 2001:db8:1111:2222:1::/80 9
  [Networks]
2001:db8:1111:2222:1::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:1000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:2000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:3000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:4000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:5000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:6000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:7000::/84
2001:db8:1111:2222:1:8000::/84

```

> You can also use the -u flag to divide the network by desired users/hosts on your network. It assumes a Broadcast and Gateway address in the calculation. So you only have to think of hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the `-u` flag to divide the network based on the number of desired host addresses. This calculation includes a broadcast and gateway address, so you only need to consider the host addresses.
```

Reviewer 2: I also suggest we change from the `-u` flag to something more related to "host addresses" since that's a more commonly accepted term. I can't quickly think of a good name for the flag, allow me to get back on this please.

Author: Oh I agree. My original desire was -h and --hosts. But cobra's default and the other standard is -h for help.
-d for domains?
-n for numbered hosts?
-c for clients (which is probably more technically accurate than users)?
but -u was for users was just the fastest sensible alternative when I realized -h failed.

> The command below illistrate cutting a network into a minimum of 32 hosts, 30 hosts and 12 hosts. And gives you the total possible users/hosts available for your subnet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command below shows how to divide a CIDR range to accommodate a minimum of 32 hosts, 30 hosts, and 12 hosts. It also provides the total possible hosts available for a subnet.
```
